Please read these Terms of Service (hereinafter as “Terms“) carefully before using IronWifi (hereinafter as “Service“) operated by IronWifi, LLC, 3071 N Orange Blossom Trail, Ste C, Orlando FLORIDA, 32804, United States (hereinafter as “us“, or “we“, or “our“). The Service is a non-exclusive license to software-as-a-service (SaaS) offered by us at www.ironwifi.com, further described in the Description of the Service in these Terms. Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms, our Privacy Notice and Data Processing Agreement (hereinafter as “DPA”). These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. On the moment you start using Service these Terms become a legal agreement between you as the Service’s user and us. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the Service.
1. Description of the Service

The Service is a non-exclusive license to software-as-a-service (SaaS) offered by us at www.ironwifi.com. Part of the Service are various modules including, but not limited to, authentication (network access), accounting, data collection and processing. Modules and features available to you may vary based on your package, you can find them described in our pricing at https://www.ironwifi.com/pricing

2. Access to the Service
Internet connection is required to access the Service.
You are responsible for ensuring functionality of your computer or mobile device and network connections that connect you to the Service, including, but not limited to, “browser” software. We assume no responsibility for the reliability or performance of your internet provider or any connections or devices as described in this section.
Your access to the service might be temporarily limited or suspended (a) during planned downtime for upgrades and maintenance of the Service; or (b) during any unavailability caused by downtime, technical failures, acts undertaken by third parties (such as our hosting providers etc.), connectivity issues on the internet networks, acts of God, acts of government, acts of terror or civil unrest, distributed denial of service or other attacks on the Service;  (c) if we suspect or detect any malicious software, code or activity within your account, (d) if you breach these Terms, DPA or any other rule or law regulating your use of the Service.
3. Subscriptions
We offer following Subscription plans of the Service. Overview of available subscription plans and their features can be found at www.ironwifi.com/pricing.
Free Subscription

Free Subscription is without any billing; however, the Service’s features are limited. Particularly the number of users and access points is very limited.

Paid Subscriptions with automatic billing

You are required to pay in advance on a monthly or annual basis (“Billing Cycle”), depending on the type of subscription plan you select when purchasing a Subscription.

At the end of each Billing Cycle, your Subscription will automatically renew under the exact same conditions unless you cancel it or IronWifi, LLC cancels it. You may cancel your Subscription renewal in your billing profile under payment method details by clicking on “Turn off auto-renewal” or by deleting your payment method details.

Valid payment method – credit card or PayPal – is required to process the payment for your Subscription. You shall provide IronWifi, LLC with accurate billing information and a valid payment method information. By submitting such payment information, you automatically authorize IronWifi, LLC to charge you the Subscription fees based on selected Billing Cycle.

Should automatic billing fail to occur for any reason, we will notify you by email and you must provide new payment method in case you wish to continue to use the Service.

Refunds

You can request a full refund for any reason within 15 days of completing your first payment for the Service. It’s not possible to refund a payment if the refund request is made more than 15 days after the first-ever payment was made in your account. This refund only applies to your first-ever payment, unless otherwise stipulated in these Terms or DPA.

4. Accounts
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party.
You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Unless explicitly given permission by us, you shall not license, sublicense, sell, resell, transfer, assign, distribute or make the Service available to any third party.
You shall not commercially exploit the Service in any way.
You shall not make modifications of or derivative works from the Service without explicit permission or attempt to derive source code or trade secrets from the Service
We reserve the right for Us, Our contractors or Our employees, to access Your Account and the information that You have provided for support, maintenance and servicing purposes or for any security-related, technical or billing reasons.
5. Personal Data Protection
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person as defined in the Article 4 of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (hereinafter as “Directive”), mainly any such information collected by you and uploading it into Service, therefore disclosing it to and processed by us (hereinafter as “Personal data”).
By using Service various Personal data may be collected by you and processed by us on your behalf, depending on how you use the Service. As our Service are operated also within European union, the Directive and other Personal data protection provisions of the EU Member states are applicable.
It is solely your obligation to comply with any applicable law when using the Service and collecting any Personal data by the Service. IronWifi, LLC disclaims any liability as described in paragraph 10.
As only you control how the Captive Portal Service is implemented, it is solely your obligation to prevent any Personal data being processed by the Service. If there are any Personal data collected on your website in plain-text, in images, or other elements, it is your obligation to protect them as required by the law (for more details see https://www.ironwifi.com/captive-portals/).
In case you allow (accidentally or deliberately) any Personal Data to be Processed by the Service when using a free Subscription, you must immediately prevent any further Personal data processing and inform us without delay via email at support@box5914.temp.domains.
If using a paid Subscription type of Service, Personal data may be processed by the Service and us. Therefore, you are obligated to enter into a DPA with us. By accepting these Terms and starting to use a paid Subscription type of Service you are accepting the DPA as well. These Terms and the DPA are mutually conditional on each other and upon acceptance/termination of Terms or DPA, the DPA or Terms are accepted/terminated. Before start using paid Subscription, you are obligated to learn all the Service’s features and how Service process the Personal data (see https://www.ironwifi.com/documentation/api/).
To perform our obligations stipulated in Terms is necessary for us to process some personal data of you (if you are a natural person) or your employees or other natural persons using the Service on your behalf and having individual access to your Service’s account. As we process such a personal data in accordance with the article 6 point 1/b of the Directive no consent is required. All information about how we process such personal data and our obligations as a personal data controller are available at https://www.ironwifi.com/privacy-policy/.
6. Links to Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by IronWifi, LLC, IronWifi, LLC has no control over and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services.
You further acknowledge and agree that IronWifi, LLC shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
We strongly advise you to read terms and privacy policies of any third-party websites or services that you visit.
7. Advertising

Unless You specifically withdraw Your consent to this clause by sending an email to support@box5914.temp.domains, You hereby acknowledge and consent to Us making use of any of Your marks, logos and trade names to identify You as IronWifi’s user/customer on IronWifi’s Site and/or Services, in addition to any other marketing material.

8.Termination
We may modify, terminate or suspend your account immediately if we suspect any violation of the Terms, DPA, Privacy policy, or any applicable law.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may delete your account and discontinue using the Service, or request a termination of your account.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease and any data uploaded to your account (including any Personal data) will be deleted.
Upon termination of your account, the DPA is also immediately terminated.
The DPA is also terminated once you cancel your paid Subscription or once it expires for any reason. Cancellation and/or expiration of your paid subscription does not represent termination of your account.
9. Backups

The Processor is performing regular backups of all data, including Personal Data, processed via the Service as a precautionary measure in case the data are lost due to server malfunction, human error or other unforeseen event and to fulfill Processor’s obligation imposed by the Directive to prevent accidental or unlawful destruction of Personal Data. Backups are kept for 24 hours.

10. Limitation Of Liability

In no event shall IronWifi, LLC, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any direct or indirect losses, incidental losses, special losses, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, loss of data, loss of use, loss of goodwill, loss of savings and revenue, including expenses to recover lost revenue, interest losses, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.

11. Disclaimer

Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance. We do our best to ensure the highest availability and security of the Service. Despite that, IronWifi, LLC its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.

12. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Florida United States, except provisions that are legally required to follow the law of your country or the European Union.
Any disputes arising from these Terms or using the Service are to be settled by the courts of law in Florida, United States.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights.
If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect.
These Terms may be translated in other languages available on our website www.ironwifi.com. In case a dispute arises from the difference between the language versions of these Terms, this English version of the Terms takes precedence.
13. Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or update these Terms at any time.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
